hey guys it's Chris here with Rowley
strings and today we're going to talk
about string shooters in your bigger
diamond mesh is your 5 and your 6 time
wishes so when your string shooters in
five or six down the mesh one of your
first problems you can see is if you
string a weave is it's going to be very
shifty so you see how it can shift all
the way from down here all the way up
here it's not gonna make for as
consistent of a throw as you might like
it
it's just they just don't weave through
enough diamonds and it really just
doesn't hold down and walk down hard
enough so another way you can string
shooters is to rule your shooters but
enrolling shooters goes through two rows
so it would go from the five diamond the
five diamond down here to the four
diamond up here and that will keep your
shooters locked down and will keep them
from moving but there's a problem with
roll cheers also with rolled shooters
you're going to have no feel when the
ball comes on your stick so there's a
problem of how to get feel on your stick
and having a shooter that's not going to
shift so today we're going to talk about
barreled shooters and barrel shooters
are different from failed nylons I'll
explain that they are locked down and
they have filled so I'm gonna give you a
tutorial on how to do that okay guys so
I'm gonna start the tutorial on how to
do a barrel shooter so first thing I
want to do is really go through the
plastic because it's gonna be our top
shooting string so we can get a half way
I'm gonna take the inside piece on the
furthest ikh we're going to go through
the five diamond drop so then what we're
gonna do is we're going to alternate
between the five down on the four
diamond row so we're going to go down to
the four down row like such we're gonna
wrap down and then we're gonna wrap back
up so you see how we went from the five
down to the four down dexif I vomit so
we're just gonna wrap all the way so
other side of the stick back five
dominant
down to the four done and five for five
pull out a little bit tight okay so now
what we do it's going to take the piece
that's on the back of the stick we're
gonna go back through that first five
diamond so what we're going to do is
then we're going to roll in the opposite
direction down to that same four time
that we start with on the other half the
string so you see how there's mesh here
here here and here so we're going to do
is the goal is to cover up that mesh so
we're going to wrap in the other
direction back up to the five diamond
and that will cover up that visible mesh
so we're just going to continue that all
the way through just roll it on through
so we've rolled all the way around so
you see how it's gonna the first one we
wrapped one way and the second we're out
of it now when you tighten this it's
very important to pull the first one
tight the inner one and then tighten the
outer one because you pull the outer one
first it will cause the inner one to
bunch when you go to pull it up tight so
then we're going to tie that off in
there we have a barrel shooting string
so now what this is going to do this is
going to lock down tight in that five
and six on this show it's not going to
move anywhere it's not going to shift
like are we use also it's got a raised
area unlike the rolled so when the ball
comes out of the stick it's gonna give
you a little bit more of a snap a little
bit more whip a little bit more feel
come out of stick